EZP-26686: Script to migrate legacy XML format to new ezmatrix value (#571)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/updating_ez_platform.md

    - enable `EzSystems\DoctrineSchemaBundle\DoctrineSchemaBundle()` in `AppKernel.php`
    - add [`ez_doctrine_schema`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform/blob/master/app/config/config.yml#L33) configuration
    
    #### Changes to Matrix Field Type
    

>     To migrate your content from legacy XML format to a new `ezmatrix` value use below command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To migrate your content from legacy XML format to a new `ezmatrix` value use the following command:
```
